
artist commrard, andddd blessted soulll.
find out more about the heart of the creartorrrr and
come check out the show.. orgburo is also fetureing a prefomence
for the zana (mount beings of illianina) and the agent of the singals.
  prefomed by orgburo staff and comissoneirs, of the calmet

anwyhoz readyign this, also made me think alot about my jso
similarsiatiozn of preofmance, band trials, ghostingz on projez. etc. soo. ya.
happy this is goina be magicalz for all! also a bunch of other super cool bands
. that i know little about but knownin that joshua brought them all togthjer
including inviting my chaus of probejz into should show true avant-gard honestist
 artiestry-and design. with a whole lot of stress on proffesionalism.
 and how that comes about in the ethics of working in the creative world.
  so, coem share our journies and majiz

  we are artist here to give you a fantasy of what is posable, the emotisal
  cores and threads of the idea, our fath in a gobal-cominsiaritst quasy throraitc burcracy. that primsables.
  the preserbation and honest protection and of secutry and framework so that, communties can share, Trade and thrive
  without being exploted, percuted. or needliestl enpowerd to care out their more sinsiter designs, and expressions
  goverment has always been about limiting the harder parts of our selfs, and working to devlope a means ot systmelyacl
  incurge betterment of ourselve and our, commons, and most people we knwo exist. hate clouds out often imeadeit regonzable images
  of a pariclar group but for the most part, asdie from extreme xaphbia, most peopels, will express their desired level of openess
  and as long as that respected.all should be well and good to run the rest. how to auclay do thaT? well thatt not our job. thats yours
  we can provied you with a space to oepn your viesion to the poccablties and aspects of other ways worlds, and projections
  and right now, our sociert worlded is griped with a well afflaitonal of idleogies, those people ustilzie the same silkks asnd aspects
  we have. acess to. the diffrence is they have a globalist vision, that they can devlope. they can copoed democratic instutions,
  these instution thye cling too buecouse partlments are not the space of the commons, but the space of elite. we need to move to diffrent
  vision of our govemrnal systems


  true then we would have

   three sub projectors to layer on
   that black area if need. i think it be cool
    to like have two projecots sometime splay same
    video and can like other chnalles. playing between..
     so say two 10 min
  blackout periods, and a "commeral period" were like its 
